//--Balloons0s.txt
//This basically sets up any special adjustments this balloon may have for your main character (balloon - s for sakura - 0 for the balloon number). This is the balloon that faces to the right. If you've been just moving the tail of the balloon, then very little in here will need to change. However, if you flipped your balloon horizontally or it looks entirely different from another balloon, then you'll have to adjust things in here accordingly.
//However, everything that's not listed in here will be inherited from descript.txt, so ONLY put stuff you're changing in here! No need to make it longer than it needs to be, right?



origin.x,22
origin.y,22

validrect.left,22
validrect.top,22
validrect.right,580
validrect.bottom,227

wordwrappoint.x,583
wordwrappoint.y,0


font.name,Aller
font.height,13
font.color.r,0
font.color.g,0
font.color.b,0


font.shadowcolor.r,-1
font.shadowcolor.g,-1
font.shadowcolor.b,-1

// --- Image Markers ---
//These tell the balloon where all your arrows and little doodads you made should go. Very important! This is a prime time to use the development panel and balloon test mode to adjust each element by pixel until it's just where it needs to be.


arrow0.x,582
arrow0.y,7

//These two coordinates define where your up arrow is. They should point at the top left corner of where you want your arrow to be on your balloon. If you marked out a small rectangle around your arrow, it will come in handy for this.


arrow1.x,582
arrow1.y,232

//Likewise, these two apply to your down arrow. Again, these two coordinates should point to the top left corner of where you want your down arrow to be on your balloon.


onlinemarker.x,4
onlinemarker.y,230

//Onlinemarker is where your online indicator will be. Again, you'll want the top left corner of where you want this to be on your balloon for your coordinates. Place them in here.


sstpmarker.x,5
sstpmarker.y,6

//sstpmarker is where your choice marker will be when the ghost is possibly doing some sstp related function. It's something very rare that doesn't seem to appear very often, but you can see it in balloon test mode... the white text that says "balloon test mode" is sstpmessage text (as below). Wherever you decide to put that text, you should put the sstpmarker alongside it. I've rarely ever seen sstpmessage text/sstpmarker show up in a balloon in casual use, so I wouldn't worry TOO much about it. Just set it someplace where it won't run too much into normal text and you should be fine.


sstpmessage.font.height,9
sstpmessage.font.color.r,186
sstpmessage.font.color.g,85
sstpmessage.font.color.b,153
sstpmessage.x,20
sstpmessage.y,5

//These set the values of the sstpmessage text. If you look at the balloon template in balloon test mode, you'll see that this text is near the bottom of the balloon, relatively out of the way. Again, I've rarely seen it appear, so as long as you tuck it in some small place like this, it should be fine.


number.font.name,Aller
number.font.height,9
number.font.color.r,186
number.font.color.g,85
number.font.color.b,153
number.xr,578
number.y,234

//Number is the information that'll come up when your ghost is downloading something, primarily an update, and it will tell you the name of the file and the size. You can set the font, size, and color here much like you have for the other aspects of your balloon. The default values are Font - MS Gothic and height - 10. At the bottom, you have the x/y coordinates. Again, find where you want these numbers to be on your balloon and put in the correct values here.
//HOWEVER, number is unusual that instead of using the top LEFT pixel as you have for all other aspects of your balloon, you will want the top RIGHT pixel instead. Instead of going from left to right, it will go right to left. Remember this.
//Also note that number.xr has an r in it, that's important.
//In Balloon Test Mode, this shows up as Test 128/256.


//These sets of things are the most likely to change if your balloon is different from one side to the other. Fill them in with the new matching values as you need! Add any other things you may need to change for this specific balloon and move on.